🧠 Finalist Idea: Idea_22
🕓 Timeline: Minutes 9–15
📌 Proposed by: Linda Detwiler
📈 Expanded by: Kezia Manlove, Richard Wiener, Rebecca Garabed, Mark Wilber, Guillaume Bastille-Rousseau
👥 Total unique contributors: 14
🧩 Convergence Score: 7

🗣️ Full Transcript:

Gonzalo Vazquez Prokopec: Good to see you and see others there. I guess we have to take a minute.
Lauren Charles: So we don't have prompts right now, we're just thinking about animal movement and migration, is that correct?
Kezia Manlove: No, they're in the slide. So if you go into the Google Drive folder, there's a Silog MZT meeting slides PowerPoint and ours I think is slide 17.
Kezia Manlove: This is a testament to all of my zoom teaching. I know exactly what slides are now.
Rebecca Garabed: Yeah, so um I'm not really in this group. I have to leave to teach in like 12 minutes, but if I can help out at all, I have the slides here if you want me to just post them for a minute until you all get set up.
Rebecca Garabed: Sorry, that's the wrong thing. Here we go.
Rebecca Garabed: So folks want to like take a minute and think about those.
Andrew Feig: Hi everyone. Mike just sent me a ping. He's running late from his class, so I will cover briefly while Rebecca got us started.
Rebecca Garabed: maybe he'll get here right when I leave.
Andrew Feig: Exactly.
Rebecca Garabed: Yeah, so I I mean I don't I don't know how much as a facilitator I should be facilitating here, but if um folks have had a minute to think about these.
Andrew Feig: Have you gone around and gotten everybody introduced? Yeah, and if we stop sharing screen for a second, it will help.
Rebecca Garabed: That'll make it a lot easier.
Richard Wiener: And I'll just make a brief comment that you'll see the people like Andrew and me will be moving in and out, not saying much just to observe and answer questions if needed. So have a good conversation.
Rebecca Garabed: All right, so so yeah, so I'm facilitator. I'm at Ohio State University.
Rebecca Garabed: And we did all of these introductions before, but I can't think of which one we want to introduce with, but um I guess your your association with animal movement. So I look at animal movement and disease transmission primarily with these cattle here in Cameroon.
Rebecca Garabed: Mark, you're the next one on my screen. Do you want to jump in?
Mark Wilber: Sure. Um I'm Mark Wilber, I'm at the University of Tennessee. I'm a wildlife disease ecologist focusing on modeling transmission dynamics in wildlife disease systems. My association with animal movement, um I've been thinking a lot about it recently and I've done work with animal movement and how it contributes to transmission in bovine tuberculosis and um various swine pathogens.
Linda Detwiler: I have another thing that happens in the preon or at least we do think it happens where plants uptake the pathogen and it's dispersed that way.
Linda Detwiler: in in in grazing. There there's things that the roots uptake because of the soil, the preons are held in the soil.
Tavis Anderson: Ah.
Rebecca Garabed: Um next one on my screen is Kezia.
Kezia Manlove: Hi, I'm Kezia Manlove. I'm at Utah State University. I'm I'm like Mark a disease ecologist. Um most of my uh the kind of methodologically um the questions that I've been most interested in surrounding movement are um related to the spatial social interface and how that um facilitates or impedes transportability of models of movement. Um I think was I supposed to say something else? Okay, good. I'm done.
Sara Zimmer: The preons are one step more terrifying than viruses.
Hannah Frank: Let's just say preons are terrifying.
Linda Detwiler: Yeah, that's the BSE now you're in my territory. That's a zoonatic crossover. That's scary. It's very worrisome on that. Yeah, yeah.
Linda Detwiler: Okay, well we're going to thank you so much everybody. You're terrific, great dialogue. Hannah again, terrific on capturing all this thing and we're going to be cut out in a little bit. So I appreciate everybody's input and whatnot and good luck to everybody in getting projects funded. I really would look forward to to your yeah.
Rebecca Garabed: Guillaume?
Guillaume Bastille-Rousseau: Okay, hi everyone. I'm I'm an assistant prof at Southern Illinois University. I'm actually more of a spatial wildlife ecologist or I kind of started doing more a lot more animal movement and like migration work, started dabbling more and more in disease ecology. So some of the work we're doing right now here at Southern Illinois include like whitetail deer and chronic wasting disease.
Salvador Almagro: Thanks.
Tavis Anderson: Have a great day. Lovely to meet everybody and interact.
Tavis Anderson: Hopefully next year in person.
Salvador Almagro: Likewise.
Salvador Almagro: Bye bye.
Linda Detwiler: Bye.
Avery Strait: Hi. Hello.
